How dare you be lazy when this person leaves his master's money. I don't.
You, you framed me.
I warned you, even if it's all over,
Also use some smart methods.
Now, you have handed over my means.
What happened tonight was all his fault.
It has nothing to do with you two, I won't embarrass you.
Shen Yi, even if I were a ghost, I would never let you go.
See you next time, Mrs. Sun’s famous wedding was also called by you. that is
The two of us saw it with our own eyes
You stole something from Mrs. Sun's room
Is it rotten after unpacking?
I've used her
Pinch her out
Looks upset, I don’t have Miss Sun
I used her lady
Ms. Shen is good at it.
It’s only been a few days since I entered the house
Just use the servants at home
Tamed and sweet
Those who don’t know think that
You are the current mistress of the Jiang family, aren’t you?